feat: toaster (#825)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/toast/index.mdx

      <Toaster {...toaster} />
    </>
  )
}
```

##### Removing a Toast

You can optionally provide an `id` to a toast when you push it to the stack. The ID can then be used to programmatically `pop` the Toast from the stack:

```
toaster.push({
  message: 'Selection was successfully saved to your profile',
  variant: 'success',
  id: 'custom_id',
})

toaster.pop('custom_id')
```

When providing your own custom ID, make sure they are unique.

##### Automatic dismissal

You can optionally provide a time-out to a toast, after which the Toast is automatically dismissed. This can be done by setting a `dismissAfter` value. The value must be a valid time-out, set in milliseconds.

```
toaster.push({
  message: 'Selection was successfully saved to your profile',
  variant: 'success',
  id: 'custom_id',
  dismissAfter: 4000
})
```

Add an automatic time-out if all these conditions are true:

- The user wouldn't need to remember or copy the information in order to continue with their current flow, or any future flow.
- The toast doesn't have any interactive content, such as a link or button.

We recommend giving users about 500 milliseconds per word before timing out a toast.

> #### Toaster component

Reviewer: In what scenario would someone want to use Toaster by itself? Do we need to include this section up here, or can we move it to the API section?

Author: It's a very specific use-case where you are controlling state for everything in the UI from the application in a redux store, for example. It might be best in the API section though, I think you might be right about that. I don't think many people will do it.

The `<Toaster />` component handles rendering the toasts it is passed via props. It handles how the Toast enters and leaves the UI.

> If you pass it the returned state of the `useToast` hook, state, pushing, popping and handling browser window time-outs is taken care of for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you pass it the returned state of the `useToaster` hook, state, pushing, popping, and handling browser window time-outs is taken care of for you.
```

> If you choose to handle state entirely yourself, you can use `<Toaster />` on it's own, but you are fully responsible for handling state, timeouts and the dismiss functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to handle state entirely yourself, you can use `<Toaster />` on its own, but you are fully responsible for handling state, time-outs, and the dismiss functionality.
```

We recommend giving users about 0.5 seconds per word before timing out a toast.

#### Basic

For a basic method of hiding and showing, you can just render a `<Toast />` inside of a `<ToastContainer />`.

> When showing multiple toasts, place the most recent toast at the bottom of the stack.

Reviewer 2: I know what you mean but it reads weird haha.  At first I thought "at the top of the stack" and now I'm not sure sure. FIFO? New toasts go into the front of an array?
